{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mark Adams - Panjanatan - Mark Adams\
\
Mark Adams creates Americana tinged rock that seems reminiscent of the off kilter world of the 90's.  Opening song "Nationwide" has bright synths, wonky acoustics and unconventional lyrics. The album eventually evolves into a Flaming Lips like pop soundscape with the tracks "Oil On Mars" and "Reptillicus". The acoustics are jangle throughout, accompanied by distorted electrics. His use of loops is far from sloppy and adds to the unconventional nature of the album. It'll keep your amused! \
\
RIYL -  Blitzen Trapper, Beck, Avett Brothers, Flaming Lips\
\
1,2,3,6\
\
unclean 8,  \
\
\
Supreme Cuts - Whispers In The Dark - Dovecote\
\
Originally looking to become hip-hop producers, Supreme Cuts decided to comb ine their shared interests in the Chicago music scene to forge their full-length debut. Their album contains plenty of soulful synth tones , hip-hop rhythms and fat processed vocals.  Their dreamlike album lifts you up into the clouds as it evolves into more kinetic tracks. The influence of recent cloud-rap musicians is evident throughout. Pretty ambient at some times but pretty good for bedroom beat-makers. \
\
tracks 3,4, 8. 11\
\
RIYL Gil Scott Heron and Jamie XX, A$AP Rocky, Space Ghost ?\
\
\
\
\
Cadence Weapon - Hope in Dirt City\
\
Canadian rapper Cadence Weapon creates fluid topography of rap where you have no idea where the sampling start the musicians began to play. Influences from disco, funk, soul and R&B and heard throughout the production. His lyrics can be egotistical at time but still seem to stray away from contemporary rap in several aspects.  \
\
canadian rapper\
All sorts of influences it seems disco, funk, soul, R&B, psychedelic soul. Produced very well. organic feeling to the bveats. lots of samples but then turns to live musicians to produce  the rest. sounds pretty meaningful and thought out. definitely not as full of him self as most other rappers.\
\
tracks 5, 4, 3, 11,\
\
fcc 1, 6-> pissing on, 7, 8,9,\
}